README.md, before:

# Caesar Cipher Encryption Decryption
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54)

The Caesar Cipher is one of the simplest and oldest methods of encrypting messages, named after Julius Caesar, who reportedly used it to protect his military communications. This technique involves shifting the letters of the alphabet by a fixed number of places. For example, with a shift of three, the letter ‘A’ becomes ‘D’, ‘B’ becomes ‘E’, and so on. Despite its simplicity, the Caesar Cipher formed the groundwork for modern cryptographic techniques.

- Run main.py File, Prompt Ask user for Plain Text, and Key.
- Key Must be in Integer Format else ValueError.
- Ecryption and Decryption Seperate Modules are Used for Respective Process.
- Encryption and Decryption Process Uses ASCII Digits.

## Documentation Reference

 - [ASCII Table](https://www.cs.cmu.edu/~pattis/15-1XX/common/handouts/ascii.html)
 - [GitHub README](https://github.com/mohit-trootech/Caesar-Cipher)
 - [Caesar Cipher](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Caesar_cipher) 
## Installation

**Prerequisite: Install Python into Your System, Install Required Libraries ie. requests, sqlite3, Vonage**

- Install my-project with git clone

```
  git clone https://github.com/mohit-trootech/Caesar-Cipher
  cd Caesar-Cipher
```

- Run Python Files

```
  python main.py
```
## 🔗 Links

[![linkedin](https://img.shields.io/badge/linkedin-0A66C2?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/itsmohitprajapat)

[![github](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/mohit-trootech)

## License

[MIT](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)

Commit message:

[Update] Readme file for Bruteforce Check Text and Links

README.md, after:

# Caesar Cipher Encryption Decryption

![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54)

The Caesar Cipher is one of the simplest and oldest methods of encrypting messages, named after Julius Caesar, who
reportedly used it to protect his military communications. This technique involves shifting the letters of the alphabet
by a fixed number of places. For example, with a shift of three, the letter ‘A’ becomes ‘D’, ‘B’ becomes ‘E’, and so on.
Despite its simplicity, the Caesar Cipher formed the groundwork for modern cryptographic techniques.

- Run main.py File, Prompt Ask user for Plain Text, and Key.
- Key Must be in Integer Format else ValueError.
- Encryption and Decryption Separate Modules are Used for Respective Process.
- Encryption and Decryption Process Uses ASCII Digits.
- Brute Force Check Added with Password Data

## Documentation Reference

- [ASCII Table](https://www.cs.cmu.edu/~pattis/15-1XX/common/handouts/ascii.html)
- [GitHub README](https://github.com/mohit-trootech/Caesar-Cipher)
- [Caesar Cipher](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Caesar_cipher)
- [Brute Force Attack](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brute-force_attack)
- [Password Data](https://github.com/zxcv32/indian-wordlist/blob/main/indian-passwords)

## Installation

**Prerequisite: Install Python into Your System, Install Required Libraries ie. requests, sqlite3, Vonage**

- Install my-project with git clone

```
  git clone https://github.com/mohit-trootech/Caesar-Cipher
  cd Caesar-Cipher
```

- Run Python Files

```
  python main.py
```

## 🔗 Links

[![linkedin](https://img.shields.io/badge/linkedin-0A66C2?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/itsmohitprajapat)

[![github](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/mohit-trootech)

## License

[MIT](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)
